it's like everyday now we hear stories
of billion-dollar companies being
started in college dorm rooms amazing
Amazon no one in history has become as
rich as quickly but where does it
actually happen today we're going to the
University in the center of the tech
boom UC Berkeley it's located in Silicon
Valley which is home to startup icons
including Facebook Google Netflix and
Tesla Apple was started in a garage not
far from here in fact Steve Wozniak the
co-founder of Apple graduated from UC
Berkeley so let's go find the future
billionaires inside the day in the life
of a UC Berkeley student right now we're
in sprawl as you can see there's
everyone walking around me the whole
school is crowding around me right now
because it's actually clubs day and
that's a pretty cool part about UC
Berkeley because there's so many
different clubs you can join there's one
called the Hyperloop Club the
underground tunnel with Elon Musk how
cool is that and look at this okay
because UC Berkeley is located in San
Francisco home of heck we got all these
inventions all over the place for
example this is a robot that delivers
food to you how cool is that
that was a long walk we arrived at
Berkeley Haas this business school the
school of the Haase makes yeah same with
my business go door well your buildings
look so new and nice let's go
today I'm Johnny with
a student I was quickly hospice
interesting you guys have really new
classrooms I like this so what is this
class on the screen over there question
the status quo confidence without
attitude students always beyond yourself
do you guys have a no laptop rule to
leading people but before we start the
lecture I want to ask what do you think
leadership is yes you hello
ok so in my opinion leadership is about
taking initiative it's about going
beyond yourself and thinking about other
people the people behind you people that
you're leading towards a common vision
that you're all trying to achieve it's
not about telling people what you do
it's more about inspiring them and
making them want to follow your vision
that's my definition of leadership thank
you
I gotta tell you if you want to apply to
UC Berkeley or any of the other top
schools we visited so far you gotta
check out today's sponsor you need
success so unique success is a college
admissions platform that helps connect
you the person applying to college with
college students who are already
attending those colleges you're applying
to so you can video chat with these
advisers about college life help with
your application essays on choosing your
major tips on the SATs or you can ask
them for their secrets for getting into
those top schools and as you can see UC
Berkeley is right on their website right
there you can use my referral link in
the description below and you get a free
30-minute free child so it doesn't cost
you anything and you can get free advice
and I know something you are already in
college so you can actually make some
money on the side as an advisor so you
can go sign up for an advisor account no
matter what school arian using my link
below to but now let's go oh that was
such a nice class so unique I've never
had something like that before actually
really hungry let's go grab some lunch
what do you guys usually go for lunch
I'm excited let's go
so we're headed to top dog it's one of
the popular places to eat on campus I've
heard about a lot you guys have so many
like different clubs and like things
happen like I would not even say this is
a quarter of it there's a couple maybe
over a thousand I'm not sure but wow
that's a lot yeah
today there's a lot of business clubs
and other organizations but yeah it's
not even all of them so right now where
were we walking
we're walking on Telegraph right now
Telegraph is like the town area right
this where you can the most stores are
along the street
so you can find a lot of different
variety of stores one interesting thing
is that there's a lot of thrift shops
down that's cool that's cool and what I
like about like your student campus is
that like all the stores are so close to
campus so you don't have to walk much
that's pretty come here yeah it's not
the nicest restaurant inside but that's
how you know it's gonna be good I'll get
the Frank the top dog
ah
oh I'm so excited to eat this hmm
yeah this is actually like I don't like
hot dogs usually but this is like pretty
good hot dog let's go study so right now
we're gonna go to the East Asian library
because that's where I'm from
to study for whatever course she's
studying for East Asia
that's like China right I includes China
good
[Music]
it's only the beginning of semester but
we could hardly find a spot in the
library having just visited UCLA I
notice a big shift in the student
culture here at UC Berkeley from
balanced lifestyles to hard core study
culture you can see the Campanile e over
here talk about like studio life here so
we just had orientation week and there
was a bunch of really cool events that
we had in my group we did laser tag here
actually really right here yeah at night
but don't get her wrong although it's
relatively easier to get into Silicon
Valley and the tech startup scene when
you are studying at UC Berkeley it's
still really competitive so the students
have to study and look for jobs in their
free time but they do have some really
interesting events that happen all over
campus and tonight we're gonna go do
some dancing as the sunlight dims
and we approach dusk the sounds of
charming bells start ringing in the
background there are actually decal
classes which are student talk classes
you can take for one credit to learn how
to play that instruments right at the
top of the tower how cool is that
[Music]
so right now we're actually walking
towards the best cafeteria on campus
right but right beside me here are the
frat houses there it's actually rush
week right now so they're just chillin
outside
it's a having the best time of their
lives the food here is so good
literally the cafeteria has everything
they got like yeah they got ice cream
they got yogurt yeah yeah salad they got
healthy options too that's really
important for me they gotta come bucho
on tap how cool is that and then got
some steak and chicken over here is get
that protein in so what's the Student
Life here is a fun I've been having a
really good time
I'm already rushing your fraternity some
of my friends are freaking out running
recruiting events everyday and I'm just
trying to like chill out a little bit go
to some parties talk to some girls don't
get me wrong it's stressful there's a
lot of work involved but I think it's
all about time management and like I
think you can definitely find your spot
here like I was walking down Sproul
today there was like 200 clubs over
there like whatever you're interested in
you're gonna find it here for sure so
right now it's like around 9 o'clock at
night in front of hospital Ian there is
the dance club they practice here every
single night so you can just like join
them and dance that's what I love about
UC Berkeley there's so much student
events happening all the time and all
your events happen from like 8:00 to
10:00 which is which is like unique
because we don't host events after 6:00
my home school UBC we don't have any
nightlife so that's what I like about
this the student culture is it's fun
[Music]
Hey
hmm oh my god that was fun and then now
we go home and sleep guys I just wanna
remind you if you are applying to
college go check out unique success or
sponsors because you can get a 30 minute
free trial using my referral link in the
description below and if you're a coach
to apply to be an advisor to make some
extra money on the side that was a great
day thank you